Why hasn’t the emperor come yet?
Is this a big deal?
The emperor won't be sick again, right?
The emperor has arrived!
The emperor has a duty and is destined to achieve his destiny.
The emperor complied with the agreement, and Zheng Jinri was in poor health.
My heart is fragile and I am unable to work hard for the country.
Each passed the throne to the Queen Mother,
The Queen Mother serves as the Queen,
The main position is to marry the Queen Fuzu, parents and children.
Since business
There is no need for the Queen to talk about this.
He is unreasonable, right?
Even if the emperor takes care of his body
Isn’t there still King Rui here?
King Rui originally had the realm of inter-kingdom
Ranked by King Rui
It is reasonable
The ministers and others request that the emperor be established
The ministers and others asked for the emperor to have a grand discussion
The emperor has already conveyed it to me
I am the emperor now
What's the matter
Tell me directly
Any more questions?
The beginning of the world
Retire from the imperial court
The memorial of the minister's lifetime
How did you come out?
Your expert selection skills are still there
But my name is more powerful
I confused them
I will come whenever I want
Just leave as soon as possible
What if you are here now?
Now he's the king
You just have to confront
obey the power and become a minister
You are complaining without reason
No one has any intention of doing this
He is not qualified to be the emperor at all